# Union Peacekeeping Carrier Marigold // 2.21.5021u
The Union's 3rd Annamite Ring Division has deployed to the Boundary Garden in support of the beleaguered defenders of Boundary Industrial City. For many, this is their first true taste of combat. Reports are still coming in, though more information would only confirm what everybody already knows. This'll be a bloody operation.

**Captain Elizabeth Monroe** is not one to mince words. Her steel voice has been ringing over the PA for the past week. If the greenhorn soldiers and crew of the **Marigold** didn't know the mortifying situation they were in, they knew now. Some of the mech pilots have jokingly said that the captain must be an Aunic agent attempting to demoralize the ship.

The 3rd Annamite remains a few weeks travel away from Boundary Garden proper, though the fleet itself is by no means safe from long range skirmishing from Aunic fleet elements. The atmosphere is anxious, though the energy can be put to better use in the simulations.

# Union Peacekeeping Carrier Marigold // 3.02.5021u
The first instances of Aunic fire struck the fleet today. Lances made of pure energy, much like the ones employed by Harrison Armory. Damage was reported as minimal, though in FLEETCOMM terms, minimal is some 200 odd sailors or so meeting the black expanse. The Captain has called for gunnery crews to begin six hour rotations, and the mess hall has begun to serve something more than ration cubes. Can you believe they've begun giving us steak? 

The lieutenant has been running us through simulation engagements like ragged dogs. Can you imagine? I haven't been able to enjoy an evening resting since we arrived at the Farnispan Gap. Steak's gone by the time training is done, and then the LT is screaming for us to do endurance exercises for the next four hours straight! At this rate, I'll die of exhaustion before even seeing an Aunic!

# Union Peacekeeping Carrier Marigold // 3.12.5021u
Attention, sailors, pilots, and marines. We have now entered synchronous orbit over Boundary Garden. The enemy has battered the citizens of Union to a pulp, and have enacted an unjust claim to this planet. As we speak, the Aunic Ascendency continues their relentless rampage, ending the lives of soldier and citizens alike. **We** are the one and only thing that stands between Union and these warmongerers. All hands, man your battlestations. All pilots, to your craft and your frames. Time to earn your wings.
